so tell me , how was hawaii?
it was unbelieveable -oh yeah
well,what happend i met this guy
it was the best week of my life
it was just a little vacation romancs
but he was so sweed。
he took me to all these cool local places
we went scuba diving....
snorkeling. Mountain climbing

we went cliff diving

well. we got a little drunk.

he gave me a back rub

we slow danced

in the rain

but it wasn't just about the sex

he pounded me like a mallard duck

it ended kind of waired,though

when i asked for his number,he said he's

Married
gay

entering the priedthood  he doesn't believe in phones

he just kind of ran away.

you know, it was just a little fling but,

i won't forget my week

with henry roth

henry roth - henry

henry paratesticles

henry roth
henry roth
Henry Roth
Henry Roth

Henry Roth why didn't you tell me your were a secret agent

i perfer intelligence operative and i couldn't tell you untill i knew you

well can i call you when i land?

You can call me , but i'll be in Peru.I said a little  lound.

Come on that's a 187,Code blue We got the wolf sleeping at night.

He's sleeping his arm in the drawer and out comes the cookit jar.All clear

Got it

Well, maybe when you get back  from Peru

I don't think that's an option,Lisa Linda

I know,Ichanged your name for your protection

we have to go our separate ways now.

well, goodbye

Got it, Moving out!

What the hell is your problem, Just keep going I'll give you 20$

You got it  How's your ball? Killing me Hit it.

Easy Honah Lee.

Hey,I'm a persom not a seal.

Well, I am a vet,not a doctor.So just hold still or i won't give you a treat.

I know it's okay. You see that kids.
You see what happends when you play with sharks?

Now,Why you spread those lies? Sharks are like dogs.

They only bit when you touch their private parts.

That's a good title for my documentary

Sharks: they only bite when you touch their private parts.

All right,enoguh already. You too Willie.

All of you.

He just cast a spell  on us.

All right. Put this on four times a day for two weeks.

You can handle that. What's wrong with that turtle.

Lung problems because because he smoked too much turtle weed.

which is bad for you.Right Ula.

what? i don't smoke weed.

Hey,Honah Lee?How's that hot wahine nymphot from ohio?

Great, I dropped he off at the airport this morning.


Come on .I need some details.

You get some boody,some assy a pull on your poi-poi? Come on.

Daddy,what's a nympho?

Oh. The nympho is the state bird of Ohio.

You're the state idiot of Hawaii.

Here you go. Bite the fish,chew the fish, love the fish.Enjoy.

You crack me up,Kamaaina- Oh yeah.

One of these days...

you'll show one of those tourists such a good time.

she'll wanna stay on the island.

why do you sat things like that...

and why is your foot on my pillow?

I don't want your ass on it either Get up.

I don't want your ass on it either Get up.

It could happen.

The you won't be able to go on your boat trip to Alaska

The you won't be able to go on your boat trip to Alaska.

You'll be stuck here,waking up next to the same old ugly broad just like Ula.

Just kidding guys。 About the old part or the ugly part?

Henry, come quickly,  It's Jocko.

Jocko,what's going on with you buddy?

Don't be scared.Everything's gonna be fine.

Just stay calm all right.

Willie I don't need you to see this. Get out of here.Now.

Okey.check the temperature of the pool Go! Hurry.